I don't know if you chose the topic.. Yeah, you did. It was disgusting.
right now.
I've been providing more things than you have. Let's be real.
It's so awesome.
so Oh
What games do I play? Oh, I play...
I don't play the same games as you. You play clash royale
What's the difference between the two? They sound the same.
No, no, no.keep going  I'll listen.
Death? Oh, like hearts? Oh.
thats cool so ur gonna have both?
So don't ask to smell. I smelled you in my bath yesterday.
It wasn't that great, but it was okay.
yeah
I think that's great, that you have things you enjoy.
I play spider in A push.
Yeah
i feel like spider's better though because solitaire, that's just like laying
Spider you have like more options.
Spider? The one I play is one sweep?
so it's all spades, right? and then you know how in Salta you have to alternate colors?
In spider you just keep going and then when you run out of things
Like, run out of, like, cards to move, and click on the...
I think that was called the other deck and it distributes one card to everyone
And then all that's messed up, I have to remake K to Ace.
Yeah.
Who said that?
I used to be good at solids now. I was like...
i use to be good at solitaire at 8th grade
Yeah with actual cards
I used to play with actual cards. It's like harder.
Oh, I play Pokemon in AI
just Like that?
Who do you watch play? Wait, where do you sit in AI?
second row?(***)
Left or right? Second row.
thats wonderful
hahahah I was just wondering.
yeah I play Pokemon.
Well, I play other games. I used to play coloring a lot. Like the coloring game on the Mac games.
Color by number. Why are you laughing?
You're so fake. You're so fake.
you are so fake bro ..... yeah.
I'm not a puppy lover though.
The Pokemon game, they run bad out here.
Because it's still fun.
I'm sorry
i but i love (****) Why can't I do things I enjoy?
yeah What do u do in ai
u play Games oh
Wait, no one pays attention. I didn't know Kubasha paid attention.
I don't- I still don't know what back complications is.
what does linear and linear regression mean?
What does it mean?
I did not put that on like this. I did not put that on.
(****)
I've been so nice to you, though.
All you know how to do is hate. Hate, hate, hate.
At least you admit you're glazing him.
Okay, now you're just glazing him. You're just glazing him.
Okay, so can we get back on topic?
Let's stop talking about your boyfriend.